M10 (#14)
rsalhan/DevOps-Course-Starter-v2: README.md

## MongoDB - create database

Create an Azure CosmosDB database to go alongside our existing App Service, this can be done via the Portal or using CLI.

Portal
* New -> CosmosDB Database
* Select “Azure Cosmos DB API for MongoDB”
* Choose “Serverless” for Capacity mode
* You can also configure secure firewall connections, but for now you should permit access from “All Networks” to enable easier testing of the integration with the app.

CLI
* Create new CosmosDB account: `az cosmosdb create --name <cosmos_account_name> --resource-group <resource_group_name> --kind MongoDB --capabilities EnableServerless --server-version 3.6`
* Create new MongoDB database under that account: `az cosmosdb mongodb database create --account-name <cosmos_account_name> --name <database_name> --resource-group <resource_group_name>`

Please note: it may take a few mins for your cluster to spin up, you'll need to wait for it to finish deploying.

## MongoDB - install PyMongo

Python support for MongoDB comes in the form of PyMongo - this project dependency can be added via the below:

> * `poetry add pymongo`

Reviewer: I often think this _can_ be useful to document, but always worth noting that future devs don't need to worry about that bit - they can just use it once they've run `poetry install` since you've added it as a project dependency.

Author: Thanks Jack, left it in for now but have added in the following line:

Please note: as PyMongo has already been added as a project dependency to `pyproject.toml`, running a `poetry install` will suffice.

* `poetry add mongomock`

You can use it to provide a fake Mongo database. First, set the connection string environment variable in .env.test equal to mongodb://fakemongo.com. Next, update your test setup as follows:

    import mongomock

    @pytest.fixture
    def client():
        file_path = find_dotenv('.env.test')
        load_dotenv(file_path, override=True)

        with mongomock.patch(servers=(('fakemongo.com', 27017),)):
            test_app = app.create_app()
            with test_app.test_client() as client:
                yield client

Your integration test can now use `pymongo.MongoClient` to connect and insert dummy data as if it were interacting with a real database. Delete any code related to mocking `requests.get`.

## MongoDB - update CI/CD

Once you’ve finished the code changes you’ll need to check your CI/CD pipeline and deployed application both work. 

At the very least, you need to `provide your App Service with any new environment variables` required to connect to CosmosDB.

## MongoDB - final checks

Finally please ensure:
* your local build still works
* CI/CD pipeline is still showing as green in GitHub Actions

> * the Prod deployed Azuer environment is still avaliable

Reviewer: Minor typos!
```suggestion
* the Prod deployed Azure environment is still available
```
